Document to deploy standalone agent (#407)
vdaas/vald: docs/user/get-started.md

### Deploy

This chapter will show you how to deploy using Helm and run Vald on your k8s cluster.<br>

> This chapter uses Scylla DB as the backend data store for index-metadata and backup-manager.<br>

Reviewer: Start thinking it is a get started page and user may not know what is backup manager. we should use understandable work here :)
```suggestion
This chapter uses Scylla DB as a backend data store for indexing and data backup.<br>
```

    go run main.go
    ```

## Deploy and Run standalone Vald Agent on k8s cluster

### Deploy

This chapter will show you how to deploy a standalone Vald Agent using Helm and run it on your k8s cluster. <br>

> This chapter uses Agent NGT to perform vector insertion operations and search and index operations ...etc.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chapter uses Agent NGT to perform vector insertion operation, indexing and searching operations.<br>
```

    
    ```bash
    helm repo add vald https://vald.vdaas.org/charts
    helm install --values example/helm/values-agent-ngt-standalone.yaml vald-agent-ngt vald/vald
    ```

3. Verify

    ```bash
    kubectl get pods
    ```

    <details><summary>Example output</summary><br>
    If the deployment is successful, Vald Agent component should be running.

    ```bash
    NAME               READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
    vald-agent-ngt-0   1/1     Running   0          20m
    vald-agent-ngt-1   1/1     Running   0          20m
    vald-agent-ngt-2   1/1     Running   0          20m
    vald-agent-ngt-3   1/1     Running   0          20m
    ```
    </details>

### Run using example code

1. Port Forward

    ```bash
    kubectl port-forward service/vald-agent-ngt 8081:8081
    ```

2. Download dataset

    In this tutorial. we use [fashion-mnist](https://github.com/zalandoresearch/fashion-mnist) as a dataset for indexing and search query.

    ```bash
    # move to working directory
    cd example/client/agent
    
    # download fashion-mnist testing dataset
    wget http://ann-benchmarks.com/fashion-mnist-784-euclidean.hdf5
    ```

3. Running example

>     Vald provides multiple langurages client library such as golang, Java, Node.js, Python and so on.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Vald provides multiple languages client library such as golang, Java, Node.js, Python and so on.<br>
```

>     In this example, the fashion-mnist dataset will insert into the vald cluster and perform a search using [vald-client-go](https://github.com/vdaas/vald-client-go).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In this example, the fashion-mnist dataset will insert into the Vald cluster and search using [vald-client-go](https://github.com/vdaas/vald-client-go).
```

    go run main.go

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```

4. Cleanup

    Remove the Vald pods by executing
    ```bash
    helm uninstall vald
    ````
```

## Deploy and Run standalone Vald Agent on kubernetes

### Deploy

This chapter will show you how to deploy a standalone Vald Agent using Helm and run it on your kubernetes cluster. <br>
This chapter uses Agent NGT to perform vector insertion operation, indexing and searching operations.<br>
If you want to learn about NGT, please refer to [NGT](https://github.com/yahoojapan/NGT).

1. Confirm which cluster to deploy

    ```bash
    kubectl cluster-info
    ```

2. Deploy Vald Agent using helm

    There is the [values.yaml](../../example/helm/values-standalone-agent-ngt.yaml) to deploy standalone Vald Agent. 
    Each component can be disabled by setting the value `false` to the `[component].enabled` field. This is useful for deploying standalone Vald Agent NGT pods.
    
    ```bash
    helm repo add vald https://vald.vdaas.org/charts

>     helm install --values example/helm/values-agent-ngt-standalone.yaml vald-agent-ngt vald/vald

Reviewer: seems this file is not exist...

Reviewer: maybe you mean this one?
```suggestion
    helm install --values example/helm/values-standalone-agent-ngt.yaml vald-agent-ngt vald/vald
```

        ```go
        glg.Info("Wait for indexing to finish")
        time.Sleep(time.Duration(indexingWaitSeconds) * time.Second)
        ```
        </details>
    5. Search
    - Search 10 neighbor vectors for each 20 test datasets and return list of neighbor vector.
    - When getting approximate vectors, the Vald client sends search config and vector to the server via gRPC.
        <details><summary>example code</summary><br>

        ```go
        glg.Infof("Start search %d times", testCount)
        for i, vec := range test[:testCount] {
            res, err := client.Search(ctx, &payload.Search_Request){
                Vector: vec,
                Config: &payload.Search_Config{
                    Num: 10,
                    Radius: -1,
                    Epsilon: 0.01,
                }
            }
            if err != nil {
                glg.Fatal(err)
            }

            b, _ := json.MarshalIndent(res.GetResults(), "", " ")
            glg.Infof("%d - Results : %s\n\n", i+1, string(b))
            time.Sleep(1 * time.Second)
        }
        ```
        </details>

    ```bash
    # run example
    go run main.go

>     ```

Reviewer: thinking we need a `Cleanup` section after user running the example...

```suggestion
    ```

4. Cleanup

    Remove the Vald pods by executing
    ```bash
    helm uninstall vald-agent-ngt
    ````
```

Author: Thank you for your feedback. I think it is good.

    go run main.go
    ```

4. Cleanup
    

>     Remove the Vald pods by executing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Remove the Vald pods by executing:
```

    ```bash

>     helm uninstall vald-agent-ngt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    helm uninstall vald
```

        ```go
        glg.Info("Wait for indexing to finish")
        time.Sleep(time.Duration(indexingWaitSeconds) * time.Second)
        ```
        </details>
    5. Search
    - Search 10 neighbor vectors for each 20 test datasets and return list of neighbor vector.
    - When getting approximate vectors, the Vald client sends search config and vector to the server via gRPC.
        <details><summary>example code</summary><br>

        ```go
        glg.Infof("Start search %d times", testCount)
        for i, vec := range test[:testCount] {
            res, err := client.Search(ctx, &payload.Search_Request){
                Vector: vec,
                Config: &payload.Search_Config{
                    Num: 10,
                    Radius: -1,
                    Epsilon: 0.01,
                }
            }
            if err != nil {
                glg.Fatal(err)
            }

            b, _ := json.MarshalIndent(res.GetResults(), "", " ")
            glg.Infof("%d - Results : %s\n\n", i+1, string(b))
            time.Sleep(1 * time.Second)
        }
        ```
        </details>

    ```bash
    # run example
    go run main.go
    ```

4. Cleanup
    

>     Remove the Vald Agent pods by executing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Remove the Vald Agent pods by executing:
```

    go run main.go
    ```

4. Cleanup
    
    Remove the Vald pods by executing:

    ```bash
    helm uninstall vald
    ````

## Deploy and Run standalone Vald Agent on kubernetes

### Deploy

This chapter will show you how to deploy a standalone Vald Agent using Helm and run it on your kubernetes cluster. <br>

> This chapter uses Agent NGT to perform vector insertion operation, indexing and searching operations.<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This chapter uses [NGT](https://github.com/yahoojapan/ngt) as Vald Agent to perform vector insertion operation, indexing and searching operations.<br>
```

> If you want to learn about NGT, please refer to [NGT](https://github.com/yahoojapan/NGT).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

1. Confirm which cluster to deploy

    ```bash
    kubectl cluster-info
    ```

2. Deploy Vald Agent using helm

    There is the [values.yaml](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/blob/master/example/helm/values-standalone-agent-ngt.yaml) to deploy standalone Vald Agent. 

>     Each component can be disabled by setting the value `false` to the `[component].enabled` field. This is useful for deploying standalone Vald Agent NGT pods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Each component can be disabled by setting the value `false` to the `[component].enabled` field. 
    This is useful for deploying standalone Vald Agent NGT pods.
```

    vald-agent-ngt-0   1/1     Running   0          20m
    vald-agent-ngt-1   1/1     Running   0          20m
    vald-agent-ngt-2   1/1     Running   0          20m
    vald-agent-ngt-3   1/1     Running   0          20m
    ```
    </details>

### Run using example code

1. Port Forward

    ```bash
    kubectl port-forward service/vald-agent-ngt 8081:8081
    ```

2. Download dataset

    In this tutorial. we use [fashion-mnist](https://github.com/zalandoresearch/fashion-mnist) as a dataset for indexing and search query.

    ```bash
    # move to working directory
    cd example/client/agent
    
    # download fashion-mnist testing dataset
    wget http://ann-benchmarks.com/fashion-mnist-784-euclidean.hdf5
    ```

3. Running example

    Vald provides multiple languages client library such as Go, Java, Node.js, Python and so on.<br>
    In this example, the fashion-mnist dataset will insert into the Vald and search using [vald-client-go](https://github.com/vdaas/vald-client-go).

    We use [`example/client/agent/main.go`](https://github.com/vdaas/vald/blob/master/example/client/agent/main.go) to run the example.
    This will execute 4 steps.

>     1. init

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

    1. init
```
